README.md, before:

# Elementar Admin

[Overview](https://elementarui.com) | [Live Demo](https://demo.elementarui.com/pages/dashboard/basic) | [Documentation](https://elementarui.com/documentation)

# Modern Angular UI Components & Admin Panel, based on [Angular Material 3](https://material.angular.io) components and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) css framework

<a target="_blank" href="https://elementarui.com">
  <img src="https://demo.elementarui.com/assets/preview-demo.png">
</a>

## Key features

- Based on the most popular Angular material components
- All components are designed from scratch specifically for the elementar admin
- It has a large number of components aimed at creating real projects
- Free and Open Source for personal and commercial purposes

## What's included:

- Angular 19+ & Typescript
- Tailwind 4+ & SCSS
- High resolution
- Flexibly configurable themes (3 themes included)
- Light & dark color schemes in each theme
- 50+ Angular Components

## Install

If you don't have a project yet, just create a new project:

```bash
ng new elementar-project-name
```

Go to directory `elementar-project-name` (or your project folder name) and run the command:

```bash
ng add @elementar-ui/components
```

The components will be installed and configured, then copy what you need from the demo projects.
[https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin/tree/main/projects](https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin/tree/main/projects)

Commit message:

add mono layout preview image, changed readme

README.md, after:

# Elementar Admin

[Overview](https://elementarui.com) | [Live Demo](https://demo.elementarui.com/pages/dashboard/basic) | [Documentation](https://elementarui.com/documentation)

# Modern Angular UI Components & Admin Panel, based on [Angular Material 3](https://material.angular.io) components and [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) css framework

<a target="_blank" href="https://elementarui.com">
  <img src="https://demo.elementarui.com/assets/preview-demo.png">
</a>

## Key features

- Based on the most popular Angular material components
- All components are designed from scratch specifically for the elementar admin
- It has a large number of components aimed at creating real projects
- Free and Open Source for personal and commercial purposes

## What's included:

- Angular 19+ & Typescript
- Tailwind 4+ & SCSS
- High resolution
- Flexibly configurable themes (3 themes included)
- Light & dark color schemes in each theme
- 50+ Angular Components

## Install

If you don't have a project yet, just create a new project:

```bash
ng new elementar-project-name
```

Go to directory `elementar-project-name` (or your project folder name) and run the command:

```bash
ng add @elementar-ui/components
```

The components will be installed and configured, then copy what you need from the demo layouts projects.

### Mono Layout
[https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin-mono](https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin-mono)

<a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin-mono">
  <img src="https://demo.elementarui.com/assets/preview-mono-layout.webp">
</a>

### Minimal Layout
[https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin-mono](https://github.com/elementarlabs/elementar-admin-minimal)
